Oh whoever's watching hello what's up
how are you I am very very behind in my
videos and when I actually look at my
videos when I look at my hair now I
can't believe how far I've come as far
how far my hair has grown
it hasn't grown much but it has grown as
I said I had my haircut on March 27th
that was my big chop and I'm very behind
but there's a good reason praise God
there's a good reason the reason is is
that I'm working now so I don't have as
much time as I did before to post my
videos I've made videos I haven't post
something I was making videos of myself
on I had to convert those over and it's
a whole lot of stuff I'll talk to you
about that later but I am trying to get
all of my videos one by one since March
and I'm going to catch up on what I was
doing but hopefully you enjoyed this
video my hair is really busted in this
video that you're about to see but just
enjoy it and you'll see my progress in
what has happened since then so enjoy
hey everybody you know what I still
don't have a camera I'm still filming
with my cell phone
okay I so to fulfill our three charge
I gotta do something about this cause I
thought that all hot sauce all those
kind of grazing through maybe when it's
about a month from there I'll be using
my kinky curly custard or maybe two I
might just keep trying to get my 360
now there's I don't know if you can see
it good on here Waverly look there's the
video that Bambi is to me
18:18 they lied to and at the end of her
video she was in a short hair can you
know called systems of curtsy and my
thing is you know is it is it can speed
or is it I don't know what it is and I
was in my hair I'm saying that okay I
just got my hair big chopped a week ago
and hundred 350 my hair started a wheel
up already so I know how to do it tests
your birth they know I'm looking at guys
and we're going to use a seven I'm
thinking in my head and this dude
probably trying to wave all his life my
way is the better I never really had any
but they're coming in for instance the
other day this guy came to work with us
is rare upon his head teaches it off who
was there nothing
I'm not the type of person it goes
around sneza pages people's heads a lot
a Radke girls so I don't go around
snapping people's heads I'm putting it
on Facebook game Twitter in or Twitter
but this is basically and I'm just
dropping this and I'll be glad when it
spills then I'm going to put black
castor oil right here but I have been
eating a lot wrecking my Tiger mole
I'll make a video better than dead spot
see that in fact a permanent part so I'm
going to put I'm going to put black
black pastors black castor oil on there
and I'll let you know without comment a
bit but I'm not going to be putting
black hairs all over my entire head I'm
actually going to be Saint butter and
she added I'm just dropping in I'll let
you know how this goes here like I said
I'll be putting red hair so on that's
right and on the right here
okay so that's it